I'm tired, can we just pick it up tomorrow?
I don't wanna go home yet.
Why??
I think my house is haunted.
Cool!
What do you mean?
I'm terrified of ghosts!
I used to be scared of ghosts too,
but then I figured out how to get over it.
How?
Look. Everyone imagines ghosts as scary-looking right?
But, what if you imagine them as like super hot?
That's weird.
It's not weird when all my ghosts are Casper-looking hunks.
Okay, that does sound weird.
Trust me. Tonight, if you start getting scared and start picturing a scary ghost,
just imagine they're hot.
What the f...
NOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOO
YOU'RE HOT!
Oh.
Hi!
Holy crap, it worked.
What worked?
I'm usually afraid of ghosts
but, never mind.
Hi there!
Wow! No one has never said Hi to me before.
They would just run away, screaming
and I'm just trying to get their attention.
Oh! That's terrible!
Yeah. I've just been dead for so long... and I'm just...
so lonely.
That's awful.
Come over here.
You make me feel alive like.... literally
What's your name?
Beth.
Beth
I noticed you Beth
and you are beautiful.
You are the sweetest guy. I mean
usually I feel like people see me like this.
Wow! Wow! Wow! That's nice! Beth! That's nice. OK Go back, please.
OK, alright. You see, that's real beauty. Let's stick with that.
Whew.
I have never met a guy like you.
And I have never met a ghost - I mean
girl like you before.
I feel like this is love at first sight.
Yeah? Yeah. Don't you?
Mmmm. I mean, even though we have just met
I feel like we are perfect.
Me? We still have a lot to learn about each other.
You could come to my side.
That's entirely impossible!
You could meet my parents. They are a little cold at times
because they are dead but they are gonna love you!
Or, we could just take it slow.
I have a place, there is only one bedroom
but I see how they're actually living hell.
Oh! Let's move in together and
we can get a puppy and name it our names combined
What was your name again? Don't worry about it
we have all of eternity to figure it out
OOOOh, Let's get married!
AAAAAGGGHHHHRRRRRR!
Hope you guys liked the video, we had a lot of fun making that one
I was actually inspired by true events, not that actually met a hot ghost
I'm actually afraid of ghost
Someone actually did tell me to try this out
and it didn't work, still - afraid of ghost
Not that. It's totally fine.
Anyways we've got a lot of videos coming out for this channel very soon
and it has been a while since we released something here
but actually we are releasing twice a week on our second channel with 2 new shows there.
And it has been a lot of fun as the fans are really liking.
So click those videos to see what we are talking about
and subscribe to our second channel.
And we have some really exciting news. We are going to go on the road with our movies,
going out to see you guys is one of our favorite things to do.
We are going to several spots in the US and Canada
and then we're actually going to go to Hawai for the very first time
And then we are going to go to Asia to finish off our tour.
And also we released an app like about a month ago
and there is a lot of people on there having a lot of fun, there is a one full community of fans
who are posting exclusive stuff on there all the time. So be sure to download our app, it's in the Anfdroid store and the Apple store.
We know that's a lot of stuff we just threw at you, and if you want to see some bloopers instead, just click. It's a lot more fun that watching this.